README.md, before:

# Gamer Gate Hotel

HTML/CSS/JS Project that I am developing in my spare time to practice. This is modeled after a Fictional Hotel that caters to 
Avid Video Game Players. I will be starting with the basic HTML and text. I have sketches of what I want the website to look that 
I will be uploading soon. 

I have been adding to the site over time and like the progression. Soon I am going to link the in page links and address the spacing issue with the final image. This has been a great learning experience. 

Any recommendations, ideas, or comments are more than welcome. 

****The screenshots below may not reflect the current update and look of the website/code.

![alt text](https://github.com/abelberhane/GamerGateHotel/blob/master/Images/Screenshots/1.png?raw=true)
![alt text](https://github.com/abelberhane/GamerGateHotel/blob/master/Images/Screenshots/2.png?raw=true)
![alt text](https://github.com/abelberhane/GamerGateHotel/blob/master/Images/Screenshots/3.png?raw=true)
![alt text](https://github.com/abelberhane/GamerGateHotel/blob/master/Images/Screenshots/4.png?raw=true)
![alt text](https://github.com/abelberhane/GamerGateHotel/blob/master/Images/Screenshots/5.png?raw=true)
![alt text](https://github.com/abelberhane/GamerGateHotel/blob/master/Images/Screenshots/6.png?raw=true)
![alt text](https://github.com/abelberhane/GamerGateHotel/blob/master/Images/Screenshots/7.png?raw=true)
![alt text](https://github.com/abelberhane/GamerGateHotel/blob/master/Images/Screenshots/8.png?raw=true)
![alt text](https://github.com/abelberhane/GamerGateHotel/blob/master/Images/Screenshots/9.png?raw=true)

Commit message:

Added Date of Screenshots and Whats next

README.md, after:

# Gamer Gate Hotel

HTML/CSS/JS Project that I am developing in my spare time to practice. This is modeled after a Fictional Hotel that caters to 
Avid Video Game Players. I will be starting with the basic HTML and text. I have sketches of what I want the website to look that 
I will be uploading soon. 

I have been adding to the site over time and like the progression. Soon I am going to link the in page links and address the spacing issue with the final image. This has been a great learning experience. 

Any recommendations, ideas, or comments are more than welcome. 

FlexSlider is the current outstanding item I would like to work on next.

****The screenshots below may not reflect the current update and look of the website/code. 
9/28/17
![alt text](https://github.com/abelberhane/GamerGateHotel/blob/master/Images/Screenshots/1.png?raw=true)
![alt text](https://github.com/abelberhane/GamerGateHotel/blob/master/Images/Screenshots/2.png?raw=true)
![alt text](https://github.com/abelberhane/GamerGateHotel/blob/master/Images/Screenshots/3.png?raw=true)
![alt text](https://github.com/abelberhane/GamerGateHotel/blob/master/Images/Screenshots/4.png?raw=true)
![alt text](https://github.com/abelberhane/GamerGateHotel/blob/master/Images/Screenshots/5.png?raw=true)
![alt text](https://github.com/abelberhane/GamerGateHotel/blob/master/Images/Screenshots/6.png?raw=true)
![alt text](https://github.com/abelberhane/GamerGateHotel/blob/master/Images/Screenshots/7.png?raw=true)
![alt text](https://github.com/abelberhane/GamerGateHotel/blob/master/Images/Screenshots/8.png?raw=true)
![alt text](https://github.com/abelberhane/GamerGateHotel/blob/master/Images/Screenshots/9.png?raw=true)
